Stanley from nokia n97 calm today I am
going to be installing the screen
protector for my in 97 i bought my
screen protector from claire view calm
and there's pretty much two piece two
screen protectors that comes with it and
then has a pre cleansing tissue to
remove any fingerprint oil dude or
bacteria okay and if you want to take a
look at the way it's pre cut the corners
are pretty much cut for the menu button
it's also cut for the proximity sensor
right here for the little section cut
off on the nokias logo right here and
then dub this particular part where the
speaker and a camera and the light
sensors eyes pretty much as one oval
shape cut right here let's connect the
camera to the speaker
so after I finish installing the screen
protector the screen is still pretty
responsive so you can see here
right thank you for watching